add cookbook recipe content type (#5657)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: contributing/content-types.md

* [Procedural](#procedural)
* [Guide](#guide)
* [Quickstart](#quickstart-guide)

> * [Cookbook recipes]

Author: ```suggestion
* [Cookbook recipes](#cookbook-recipes)
```

Examples
TBD

## Cookbook recipes

> The dbt cookbook recipe is a collection of scenario-based, real-world examples for building with the dbt. Cookbook recipes offer practical, scenario-based examples for using specific features. 

Author: ```suggestion
The dbt Cookbook recipes are a collection of scenario-based, real-world examples for building with the dbt. Cookbook recipes offer practical, scenario-based examples for using specific features. 
```

> The dbt Developer Hub cookbook is a collection of scenario-based, real-world examples for building with the dbt. Cookbook recipes offer practical, scenario-based examples for using specific features. 

Author: ```suggestion
The dbt cookbook recipe is a collection of scenario-based, real-world examples for building with the dbt. Cookbook recipes offer practical, scenario-based examples for using specific features. 
```

> Most code examples are written in SQL, though you can apply the concepts in [Python](/docs/build/python-models) as well.

Reviewer: Should we say that we prefer them in SQL unless they're targeting a specific Python use case?

> Most code examples are written in SQL, though you can apply the concepts in [Python](/docs/build/python-models) as well.

Author: ```suggestion
Code examples could be written in SQL or [Python](/docs/build/python-models), though most will be in SQL.
```

If there are examples or guides you'd like to see, feel free to suggest them on the [documentation issues page](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/issues/new/choose). We're also happy to accept high-quality pull requests, as long as they fit the scope of the cookbook.

### Contents of a cookbook recipe article or header

Cookbook recipes should contain real-life scenarios with objectives, prerequisites, detailed steps, code snippets, and outcomes &mdash; providing users with a dedicated section to implement solutions based on their needs. Cookbook recipes complement the existing guides by giving users hands-on, actionable instructions and code.

Each cookbook recipe should include objectives, a clear use case, prerequisites, step-by-step instructions, code snippets, expected output, and troubleshooting tips.

### Titles for cookbook recipe content

> Cookbook recipe headers should always start with a “How to create [topic]”.

Author: ```suggestion
Cookbook recipe headers should always start with a “How to create [topic]” or "How to [verb] [topic]".
```

### Examples of cookbook recipe content

> - How to calculate annual recurring revenue (ARR) in dbt

Reviewer: It might be helpful to the readers to be more specific - rather than saying "in dbt" on each line.

For example, "Calculating annual recurring revenue (ARR) using models and macros" or something like that.

> - How to calculate annual recurring revenue (ARR) in dbt

Author: ```suggestion
- How to calculate annual recurring revenue (ARR) using metrics in dbt
```

> - How to calculate customer acquisition cost (CAC) in dbt

Author: ```suggestion
- How to calculate customer acquisition cost (CAC) using metrics in dbt
```

> - How to track the total number of sale transactions in dbt

Author: ```suggestion
- How to track the total number of sale transactions using metrics in dbt
```
